feat(cli): add app bridge version to build (#623)
Frontify/brand-sdk: .changeset/warm-apples-press.md

---
"@frontify/frontify-cli": minor
---

> feat: adds the appBridge version to the window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: adds the appBridge version to the block bundle
```
